DAN: I know this is gonna sound weird,
but one day, my whole world changed...
You see,
cards started dropping from the sky...
coming down like rain...
At first we didn't know where they were all coming from
or who sent them.
We only knew they were more than
just ordinary playing cards...
And it was happening all around the world!
In the north...
...in the south...
...they landed everywhere!
Together with my new online friends from around the world,
we invented an wicked new game we called Bakugan.
That's when the power of the cards was revealed.
Each one held its own battling beast
which came to life when you threw it down.
The battles were intense and if you chose the wrong card,
you lost it and the beast inside!
But that's only half the story.
Another, even bigger battle was taking place
in a parallel universe called Vestroia.
My name is Dan,
and together with my friends, Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice,
we are...
...The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: Hey mom! I'm home!
[footsteps running]
Daniel!
I put your lunch in the fridge
and please don't forget to wash up!
Thanks mom!
I'll be down in a minute...
Okay, time to check out my stash!
Hmmmm, let's see...
I'll take this...
oh... my Saurus!
Oh yeah, and this one for sure!
All set!
Daniel! Your lunch is ready!
And it's getting cold!
DAN: Then why'd you put it in the fridge!
MOTHER: Don't get smart with me, young man!
DAN: Sorry!
MOTHER: And just where do you think you're going?!
Catch ya later!
[laughing]
Yahoooo!
Sorry I'm late!
And here I thought ya mighta chickened out...
Doubt that, Akira.
And who'd you bring with you?
Hope it's back up 'cause you'll need it!
Your battle isn't with me, Danny boy...
Whoa!
Hey, I don't think this is very fair.
My lil' bro here says you think you're pretty good!
Well, I guess it's time to find out how good you really are...
Yeah, I'm pretty good...
What about you? What's your deal?
Name's Shuji and I'm the master of...
Subterra Space!
Y-You've got to be joking?!
I've never heard of Subterra before!
Oh great,
how am I supposed to battle against a beast
that doesn't even exist?!
Quit your stallin'!
Okay...
Let's do this...
But I gotta warn you,
I've never lost a battle before...
FATHER: Honey, I'm home!
Huh?
I wasn't expecting you here so early...
Yeah, well, I just came home for a bite to eat.
Ahh... pudding!
Are ya ready or what!?
Let's go!
Bakugan...
Field Open!
Ahh! Ahhh!
Nooo!
Gate Card... Set!
Ready or not...
here I come!
Bakugan Stand!
Whoa!
Freaky!
BAKU-POD: Welcome Dan...
Opponent- Subterra Mantris...
Power Level... 270Gs...
No other data available...
DAN: Oh great...
Okay, terra means earth and his power level's at 270,
so, at least I know what kind of beast I'm dealing with here.
But question is, what should I counter with?
Your little bug is goin' down!
Bakugan Stand!
BAKU-POD: Power Level... 320Gs...
Bakugan Brawl!
Alright!
Gate Card Open up now!
Huh?
Huh?!
BAKU-POD: Power Level Increase to 420Gs...
DAN: Not good...
You're toast!
BAKU-POD: Battle One terminated...
Subterra Mantris... victorious...
Oh man, that was so easy!
You fell faster than a deck of cards in a tornado!
Time to finish what I started!
Bakugan Stand!
Ya think you're pretty good, huh?
Well you better buckle up Shuji because...
you're goin' down!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Gate Card...
Open!
It's all tied up!
Not for long!
Gate Card Set!
BAKU-POD: Round Three begins...
BOTH: Bakugan Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Saurus Glow!
Huh?
No... no, this can't be happening...
Hate to tell ya, bud,
but it looks like you're down to your Subterra Mantris...
And if I figured right...
One more itzy-bitzy battle should put you away for good!
We'll just see about that, punk!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Gate Card Open!
Now to play my Ability Card...
Slice Cutter!
Wow, I'm impressed...
But if you think you're the only one holding an ace,
you're wrong...
Smart mouth!
Counter Ability Activate
Frame Fire!
What the?!
BAKU-POD: Game... set... and match... Dan...
It looks like I win...
FATHER: My pudding!
I've been waiting all day for that!
I don't believe it!
You promised me you'd clean his clock!
What happened?!
I'm sorry...
That was easy.
DAN: Stick around!
There's more Bakugan right after these!
DAN: Now back to Bakugan!
DAN: ...And then,
I let him have it with my secret weapon,
Frame Fire!
Man, you should have seen me...
I was like totally wicked!
But then again,
what else would expect from the greatest Bakugan Brawler!
RUNO: Whatever!
I just checked the world rankings
and you're sitting at 121!
That's impossible, Runo!
I've got to check this out for myself!
Scrolling up...
Ha! One seventeen!
Oh please, give me a break!
You should save your breath
until you break into the top ten...
Yeah right, like your one to talk!
You're not even ranked!
Oh, likes that's real mature!
Danny, that is so dreamy!
One seventeen!
That's up four whole spots in one day!
Definitely worthy of a big smooch from Julie!
Grossss!
Ah man, that hurt!
Hey, quit slobbering up the screen!
I'm a Battle Brawler, I'm not your boyfriend.
Whoa... this is so kindergarten!
You go Danny-boy!
I'll always be your biggest fan in the world!
Dan, might I suggest you set your sights on Shun?
He's ranked number one
and in a few years you could surpass him!
Huh? [sigh]
In a few years?
There has to be some way you could challenge him
or something, isn't there?
I bet I could take that jerk...
I don't mean to brag,
but no one's even come close to challenging me.
Better look out, Shun...
Because I gonna take you down!
SHUN: Ha! Defending my ranking has been a joke
when battling these amateurs.
What I need is a serious challenger.
One that understands the power
that lies in the Vestroia dimension.
DRAGO: If only the human they call Dan
could understand that Bukagan is not just a game.
An even larger battle is taking place in my universe-
Vestroia.
A universe fueled by six worlds,
each with its own element.
The earth element called Subterra...
The element of light- Haos...
The Dark element- Darkus...
Aquos, or what humans would call the 'Water Element'...
The Wind Element... Ventus.
And Fire Element... Pyrus.
Naga! Wait!
Out of my way, Drago!
Why are you so obsessed with gaining all this power, Naga!?
You know that it will only lead
to your ultimate destruction!
Silence!
You have no idea of what we feel inside!
You know nothing of our world!
I suspect you were the one behind the human
they call Michael.
What I'd like to know is,
where did you find him?
[laughing]
Do you know what this is?
A portal...
Yes!
It leads to the source of the POWER!
But to where?!
NAGA: The dimension of Vestroia!
I want a rematch!
Gimme a break. You like losing?!
Just zip it!
Either we brawl or I let my fists do the talking!
Yeah!
Bakugan...
Field Open!
Let's do this!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Yikes!
Oh no!
Ahhh...
How in the world did you ever get a hold of a Darkus Beast!?
Here's a thought kid,
why don't you call me...
Master of the Darkus?!
Gimme a break.
If I'm gonna call you anything, it's loser...
I've had it with you, ya little creep!
Are we gonna do this or what?!
Sure...
Just give me a minute, would ya?
Now what should I counter with?
Something big or small?
I got it!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
You've gotta be kidding! That's it?!
That's all you've got?!
Hey, didn't anyone ever tell you
size doesn't always matter?!
It's your funeral...
Now, to blow this little twerp away for good!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Darkus Stinglash Stand!
BAKU-POD: Darkus Stinglash Power Level...
330Gs...
Saurus Power Level...
280Gs...
Ah, looks like I need a little power boost!
Bakugan Gate Card...
Open!
BAKU-POD: Saurus Power Boost to 310Gs...
Man, this is not looking good.
If I don't find a way to boost Saurus
by at least twenty or more,
my beast is fried!
[laughing]
So how does it feel
to get your butt kicked good and proper?!
Hey... This battle is far from over!
NAGA: Yes, I have reached the center of the universe!
Amazing!
There they are!
The two conflicting forces.
Infinity and Silence,
they keep the dimension in Balance.
If I can absorb these two energies,
[laughter]
I can unite with HAL-G
and together we can conquer Earth and Vestroia!
The power! Feel the glorious power!
Excellent!
The power!
The infinite power building inside of me!
Huh?
No!
What's happened?!
An overload of negative energy!
I can't control the balance!
Too much! Too much!
Noooo!
Not enough positive energy!
Out of control!
Noooooo!
What's happening?!
Naga!
This must be Naga's doing!
What is a Darkus Bakugan doing in the Pyrus space?!
DAN: Man, this is getting weird!
It's a new dimension
is filling our Bakugans with more power
right in the middle of the Battlefield!
Why does my Bakugan have bigger flames?
I've never seen this before,
my Bakugan is getting so much stronger!
That was just totally weird...
Enough fooling around!
It's time to end this battle!
Darkus Stinglash Attack!
Hey Shuji!
What happened to all your trash talk?!
Scared your scrawny Stinglash can't handle the pressure?!
Command Card!
Quartet Battle Activate...
Now!
Get ready, Shuji
'cause a few more Bakugan have just been invited
to the party!
My Ability Card is transforming!
Whoa!
Isn't this a Dragnoid's Card?!
Those are the same beasts I saw in my vision!
DRAGO: You must come to your senses!
Huh? What the...?!
Who said that?!
Was it you?!
Fear Ripper!
Snap out of it!
The negative energies of the Silent Core
have taken over your power of reason!
My ears aren't...
playing tricks on me!
His power is building!
Boosted Dragon!
Are you okay, man?!
I lost! Again! [cries]
I don't get it...
I thought Bakugan was just a game...
There's got to be more to it...
and I've got to find out what!
DAN: Okay, if you're in there, talk to me,
'cause I want to get to the bottom of this!
Ah man, this is totally pointless.
It's just a game piece...
But I heard it...
I thought I heard it talking...
Didn't I?!
Oh boy...
I'm losing my mind...
I'm sure I heard it!
Ah, no biggie...
But seeing as you're a Dragonoid...
I'm gonna call you Drago...
Sweet...
That's your new name buddy,
hope ya like it...
Man, for a minute there I actually thought it talked.
I gotta lay off the sodas.
Well, time to hook up to the web!
'Night Drago!
Dan... You're there!
Hey guys...
You are not gonna believe this, but...
I was brawling with this dude named Shuji
when I thought I heard my Bakugan talk!
No way, you too?!
What'd ya mean, Runo?
Ya sayin' someone else heard them too?
You should log onto the Bakugan site!
It's what everyone's talking about, Dan!
[excited cross-talking]
DAN: It did talk!
Maybe the Bakugan world has more to it than we thought!
Coming up, on Bakugan Brawlers,
I try to get Drago to talk at school,
but all that happens is I get into big trouble
with my teacher!
She doesn't get it, she thinks Drago is just a toy!
And to make matters worse,
this dude Masquerade shows up
blasting everyone's Bakugans into the Doom Dimension!
Wait 'til you see what happens
When the Brawlers battle Masquerade and Reaper!
Bakugan Brawl!
Let's battle!